
KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES 
Design, implement, test, deploy and maintain innovative software solutions to transform service performance, durability, cost, and security.  

Use software engineering best practices to ensure a high standard of quality for all of the team deliverables.  

Write high quality distributed system software.  

Work in an agile, startup-like development environment, where you are always working on the most important stuff.  

In this role you will lead a critical and highly-visible function within DP World International Expansion Business.  

You will be given the opportunity to autonomously deliver the technical direction of the service, and the feature roadmap.  

You will work with extraordinary talent and have the opportunity to hire and shape the team to best execute on the product. 

 

OTHER 

Act as an ambassador for DP World at all times when working; promoting and demonstrating positive behaviors in harmony with DP World’s Founder’s Principles, values and culture; ensuring the highest level of safety is applied in all activities; understanding and following DP World’s Code of Conduct and Ethics policies 

Perform other related duties as assigned  

 cPP, docker, kubernetes, ac repair

QUALIFICATIONS, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS 
Basic qualifications 

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience to a Bachelor's degree based on 3 years of work experience for every 1 year of education 

2-4 years professional experience in software development; you will be able to discuss in depth both the design and your significant contributions to one or more projects 

Solid understanding of computer science fundamentals: data structure, algorithm, distributed system design, database, and design patterns. 

Strong coding skills with a modern language (ReactJs, Java, etc) 

Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment and DevOps automation 

REST, JavaScript/Typescript, Node, GraphQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, Angular, ReactJS, Vue, AWS, machine learning, geolocation and mapping API 

Preferred qualifications 

Experience with distributed system performance analysis and optimization 

Familiar with AWS services (RDS, DynamoDB, Lamda, Kinesis, SNS, CloudWatch, …) 

Experience in NLP, Deep learning & Machine Learning. 

Experience in training machine learning models or developing machine learning infrastructure. 

Strong communications skills; you will be required to proactively engage colleagues both inside and outside of your team 

Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions 

Deal well with ambiguous/undefined problems; ability to think abstractly